Reorder MTC tutorial (#425)
ros-planning/moveit2_tutorials: doc/tutorials/pick_and_place_with_moveit_task_constructor/pick_and_place_with_moveit_task_constructor.rst

.. image:: mtc_show_stages.gif
   :width: 700px

Setting up a Project with MoveIt Task Constructor
-------------------------------------------------

> This section walks through the code required to build a minimal task using MoveIt Task Constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section walks through the steps required to build a simple task with MoveIt Task Constructor.
```
